Added docs for blitz connection_alias and harness support for differe… (#22)
CiscoTestAutomation/genie: docs/blitz/design/actions/actions_list.rst

        device: R1
        # Send show version to the device
        command: show version

>         # To execute command in different connections, by default cli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # To execute command with specified connection alias, 'cli' is default
```

Author: updated

            - 'Should not be in the output'

> Both include, exclude and connection_alias keywords are optional to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include, exclude and connection_alias keywords are optional to use.
```

Author: updated

> But to use connection_alias two things needs to be followed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two things needs to be followed to use connection_alias:
```

Author: updated

    1. New mapping datafile schema.
    2. ``alias`` in mapping datafile should be the ``connection_alias``.
How to use the new schema for different connection can be found at this `link

> <https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/genie-docs/docs/cookbooks/harness.html#what-can-you-do-with-the-mapping-datafile>`__.

Reviewer: just comment. very good to have pointer like this!

Author: Thank you takashi

    - configure: # ACTION
        device: device_name

>         # To configure using different connections, by default cli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # To execute command with specified connection alias, 'cli' is default
```

Author: updated
